For every 12 cans you recycle, you receive $0.50, and for every 5 kilograms of newspapers, you receive $1.50. If your family collected 144 cans and 20 kilograms of newspapers, how much money would you receive?
Betty picked 16 strawberries. Matthew picked 20 more strawberries than Betty and twice as many as Natalie. They used their strawberries to make jam. One jar of jam used 7 strawberries and they sold each jar at $4. How much money were they able to make from the strawberries they picked?
Jack has a stack of books that is 12 inches thick. He knows from experience that 80 pages is one inch thick. If he has 6 books, how many pages is each one on average?
James dumps his whole collection of 500 Legos on the floor and starts building a castle out of them.  He uses half the pieces before finishing and is told to put the rest away.  He puts all of the leftover pieces back in the box they came from, except for 5 missing pieces that he can't find.  How many Legos are in the box at the end?
Ines had $20 in her purse. She bought 3 pounds of peaches, which are $2 per pound at the local farmers’ market. How much did she have left?
Aaron pays his actuary membership fees each year. The membership fee increases yearly by $10. If he pays $80 in the first year, how much does his membership cost, in dollars, in the sixth year?
Joseph invested $1000 into a hedge fund. The fund promised a yearly interest rate of 10%. If he deposited an additional $100 every month into the account to add to his initial investment of $1000, how much money will he have in the fund after two years?
The price of buying a wooden toy at the new Craftee And Best store is $20, and the cost of buying a hat is $10. If Kendra went to the shop with a $100 bill and bought two wooden toys and three hats, calculate the change she received.
James is trying to create a new breed of kittens with extra-long tails. Each generation of kittens he breeds has a tail 25% longer than the last generation. If the first generation has tails 16 cm long, how long are the third generation's tails?
The Rotary Club is holding its annual fundraising Omelet Breakfast, with tickets sold in advance. The tickets come in different price levels, for young children, older children, adults, and seniors. This year they sold 53 small children tickets, 35 older children tickets, 75 adult tickets, and 37 senior tickets. To figure out how many eggs they need to buy, the club estimates that small children can eat a half omelet, older children can eat a whole omelet, adults will eat two omelets, and seniors will eat one and a half omelets. Just to be on the safe side, they get enough eggs to make 25 extra omelets. If they use 2 eggs for each omelet, how many eggs will they need to buy?
John buys cans of soup for buy 1 get one free.  He gets 30 cans with a normal price of $0.60.  How much does he pay?
Michael has 36 pets. 25% of them are dogs, 50% are cats, and the rest are bunnies. How many bunnies does he have?
Grant has four times as many vacations as Kelvin has classes. If Kelvin has 90 classes, how many vacations and classes do Grant and Kelvin have altogether?
Julie is making caesar salad for a family picnic. At the market, she spends $8 on green lettuce and $6 on red lettuce. If each type of lettuce costs $2 per pound, how many total pounds of lettuce did she buy?
Jimmy bought 3 pens for school for $1 each, 4 notebooks for $3 each and 2 folders for $5 each. If he paid with a $50 bill, how much change will he get back?
Fern buys one pair of high heels for $60 and five pairs of ballet slippers for 2/3rds of the price of the high heels. How much does she pay total?
The teacher divided the students into four groups. One group had 5 students, another 8 students, and the third 7 students. If there were 24 total students, how many students were in the fourth group?
Every hour past noon shadows from a building stretch an extra 5 feet, starting at zero at noon.  How long are the shadows from the building 6 hours past noon in inches?
A fox can run at the maximum speed of 50 kilometers per hour. Considering the fox would run at a constant speed, what distance would he make during 120 minutes?
There were 40 kids on Lake Pleasant. A fourth of the kids went tubing, but only half of the tubers went rafting. How many of the kids who joined the rafting excursion were also on the tubing excursion?
At a convention, 16 of 36 delegates arrived with pre-printed name badges. Half of the remaining delegates made their own, hand-written name badges. How many delegates were not wearing name badges?
Edward the plumber is replacing a pipe in a bathroom wall.  He needs to use 40 feet of copper pipe to complete the job.  For every 5 feet of pipe, Edward must use one tightening bolt, and for every bolt, he uses two washers.  He buys a bag of 20 washers for the job.  After he completes the bathroom job, how many washers will be remaining in the bag?
Eric has 4 ninja throwing stars. His friend Chad has twice as many. Then Jeff bought 2 ninja stars from Chad. Jeff now has 6 throwing stars. How many ninja throwing stars do they have altogether?
Each dandelion produces 300 seeds. 1/3rd of the seeds land in water and die. 1/6 of the starting number are eaten by insects. Half the remainder sprout and are immediately eaten. How many dandelions survive long enough to flower?
By the time Anne is two times as old as Emile, Emile will be six times as old as Maude. If Maude will be 8 years old, how old will Anne be?
Mason is mixing up some salad dressing. He takes a bowl that holds 150 ml and fills it 2/3rds with oil and 1/3rd with vinegar. The oil weighs 5 g/ml and the vinegar weighs 4 g/ml. How many grams does the salad dressing weigh?
TreShawn's mom needs to order pizza for her son and his two friends. She knows that TreShawn always eats 1/2 a pizza. His friend Michael eats 1/3 of a pizza and his other friend LaMar eats 1/6 of a pizza. How many pizzas does she need to order?
Out of the 200 apples in an orchard, 40 percent were rotten. Also, 70 percent of the rotten apples smelled. How many rotten apples in the orchard did not smell?
Tom and Elizabeth have a competition to climb a hill. Elizabeth takes 30 minutes to climb the hill. Tom takes four times as long as Elizabeth does to climb the hill. How many hours does it take Tom to climb up the hill?
Barry stands on his head for 10 minutes at a time, but then he must sit for 5 minutes before he can take another turn standing on his head.  How many turns can Barry take standing on his head during a single 2-hour period?
