John noticed that the angle formed by the minute hand and hour hand on a standard 12-hour clock was 110 degrees when he left home after 6 p.m.; it was also 110 degrees when he returned after 6 p.m. but before 7 p.m. that same night. If he left home for more than five minutes, for how many minutes was he away?
The key factor Thomas Malthus failed to recognize in his population theory was
The amount of paint that David needs to cover a cube is directly proportional to the surface area. If David can completely cover a cube of side length 2 feet with exactly 16 quarts of paint, how big a cube (in terms of edge length in feet) can David cover with 169 quarts of paint?
Which of the following is an accessory organ of the gastrointestinal system that is responsible for secreting insulin?
A liquid flows at a constant flow rate through a pipe with circular cross-sections of varying diameters. At one point in the pipe, the diameter is 2 cm and the flow speed is 18 m/s. What is the flow speed at another point in this pipe, where the diameter is 3 cm?
As the life of a star progresses heavy elements are produced. The elements form layers around the star in this order (starting from the outer layer):
The hypotenuse of a right triangle measures 10 inches and one angle is $45^{\circ}$. What is the number of square inches in the area of the triangle?
A subset H of a group (G,*) is a group if
Which of the following muscles initiates elevation of the mandible?
Where is the crater from the impact that is believed to be responsible for the mass extinction of dinosaurs 65 million years ago?
The main factor preventing subsistence economies from advancing economically is the lack of
In the group G = {2, 4, 6, 8) under multiplication modulo 10, the identity element is
The Jataka tales are a collection of which genre of stories?
What is the meaning ofsamyak jnanawithin the Jaina traditions?
Light of variable frequency shines on the metal surface of a photoelectric tube. Einstein’s theory of the photoelectric effect predicts that the
Which branch of Judaism founded by Zacharias Frankel is known for its "Positive-Historical Judaism"?
Calculate the Q-factor for an X-band EPR cavity with a resonator bandwidth of 1.58 MHz.
Statement 1 | For every positive integer n there is a cyclic group of order n. Statement 2 | Every finite cyclic group contains an element of every order that divides the order of the group.
Which of the following describes the cluster of blood capillaries found in each nephron in the kidney?
Brood parasites such as the cuckoo successfully trick other species of birds into rearing their young by exploiting the host birds' instinctive response to the loud begging cues of a fledgling in their nest. The genes that allow the host bird species to be duped into rearing the cuckoo fledglings to the detriment of their own offspring most likely remain in the gene pool of the population because
A person walked 3 miles to the east, then turned north and walked 10 miles, then turned west and walked 6 miles, and finally turned south and walked 16 miles. Approximately how far is the person from his starting point in miles?
Which of the following is a Wireless traffic Sniffing tool?
The sign of the charge carriers in a doped semiconductor can be deduced by measuring which of the following properties?
According to Jaina traditions, what does the term ajiva mean?
During an inferior alveolar nerve block the needle ideally passes
In fluorescence spectroscopy, the quantum yield (Φ_f) is best defined as the
Which of the following describes the fallacy of appeal to indignation?
Keystone species are thought to have profound effects on the structure and composition of ecological communities because they
Which of the following statements concerning a sarcomere of a striated muscle (such as skeletal muscle) is correct?
Which of the following U.S. main immigration flow associations is NOT correct?
